Update health-checks-notifications.md (#14129)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/health-checks/how-to/health-checks-notifications.md

8. Choose the **Notification trigger**, which determines when you receive alerts.
9. Select **Create**.

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> A notification is only sent after a change of status in the marjority of all selected region(s). For a single region, this will be 2 of 3 datacentres; with 13 regions selected, this will be 7 of 13 regions (each regioning requiring a majority).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A notification is only sent after a change of status in the majority of all selected region(s). 

For a single region, this will be 2 of 3 data centers. With 13 regions selected, this will be 7 of 13 regions.
```
